father
How is big brother
Did you ask clearly?
Now is not the place to talk
Let's go back and talk
Nice guy.
Calm
Treat people with humility
The heart is also an admiral
But it still lacks some heat.
I can't even see my identity
Your Majesty is sure that he did not see through your identity.
You forget who he saluted before he went down
This
Hahahahaha
It seems that I was stingy with him
What's going on?
In a hurry
Nothing.
Don't tell them about His Majesty yet
In case of His Majesty's surprise
It's over for everyone
What did the teacher say?
Sir said
The reason why the second uncle went to find him
It's because he discovered that year
Clues stored in Sunjiawu County
What clue
One book account department account department